---
title: Tweet 31 - Walk Like a Man
date: 2015-11-28
tweet: 670811223219437568
props: [rbb, pink-beats, reading-glasses, laptop, divine]
---
RBB (and presumably SBB - come say hi, SBB!) are back in LA according to their updated Twitter profile location.

RBB is watching Divine's [Walk Like A Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFiqO0Qpa_g){:target="_blank"}. The song is about a woman lying, and the video is paused at the lyric *she's telling dirty lies*.

The video is being watched on an older model Mac laptop. Will dig up more specifics later, but despite fandom speculation, I do not think this is Harry's gold MacBook. I think we've seen Louis with an older model, but again, consider this with a big grain of salt until more investigation. The keys on the keyboard have been blacked/blurred out, with only the keys spelling RAINBOW visible. The calendar icon in the bottom toolbar is showing the 29th, while it is still the 28th in LA (and all of the United States). It is probably that the laptop is on UK time and hasn't been changed. Laptop time doesn't update automatically like a phone might.

Possibly of note, ads are generally tracked and related to what you've viewed elsewhere. I don't use Safari, but would appreciate someone [letting me know]({{site.baseurl}}) if that's a Safari Private/Incognito window, which would mean the ad wouldn't have any history tracked.

There are several bookmarks visible:

- The Stone..Facebook (possibly The Stone Roses Facebook page - Louis [several times] and Zayn [at least once] have worn The Stone Roses t-shirts)
- Teddy Bears…Workshop
- Twitter
- Facebook
- Freddie Mercury
- GAYDAR
- Idaho Potato Commission (still bitter about the potato, huh?)
- EltonJohn.com
- RuPaul
- rainbow bear \| Tumblr (this could be the 'rainbow bear' tag, or a search for 'rainbow bear' - the page title is identical, but still!)

At the bottom of the picture, it looks like we can see a painted finger nail.
