---
title: Montreal
date: 2015-09-05
images: [both-front-clearer.jpg, both-front.jpg, blurry.jpg, frank-pearson.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, book, gold-crown, tiara, green-happy-sticker, aviators, blue-happy-sticker, blue-box, picture-frame, charles-and-diana, frank-pearson, mado-lamotte, silver-scepter]
---
For the first time, the Blue Happy Sticker and Green Happy Sticker are right next to each other, overlapping a bit. The Green Happy Sticker is slightly on top of the Blue Happy Sticker. Little spoon, anyone?

The book is [Invitation to a Royal Wedding](http://www.amazon.com/Invitation-royal-wedding-Kathryn-Spink/dp/0906558719){:target="_blank"}, featuring pictures of Prince Charles and Princess Diana's engagement, wedding, and honeymoon.  Both cover photos were engagement photos. Prince Charles and Princess Diana were commonly referred to as The Royal Couple. This is also used within the Larry fandom to refer to Louis and Harry. Random tidbit about Princess Diana: [it is said](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2301869/Freddie-Mercury-helped-Princess-Diana-dress-man-visit-gay-bar-Kenny-Everett.html){:target="_blank"} that Freddie Mercury helped her dress as a man to disguise herself in order to visit a gay bar.

The photo in the frame in front of the front cover is Frank Pearson. Frank was a popular female impersonator in North of England, appearing as Foo Foo Lammar, and was known for his caustic wit and repartee with tough northern audiences. Frank was also knows as a shrewd businessman, and raised money for charities.

The photo in the frame in front of the back cover is Mado Lamotte. Mado Lamotte is the stage name of Luc Provost, a Montreal drag queen, author, singer, and gay community.personality. In 2002, she opened her own drag cabaret, *Caberet Mado* in Montreal's Gay Village.