---
title: Philadelphia
date: 2015-09-01
images: [both-front.jpg, both-side.jpg, side-with-third-bear.jpg, third-bear.jpg, book-closeup.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, bondage-gear, harley-jacket, sparkly-bowtie, studded-black-choker, black-teddie-mercury-hat, aviators, silver-sparkly-crown, pink-hello-kitty-chair, green-happy-sticker, red-happy-sticker, freddie-mustache, third-bear, bette-davis, leather-chaps, book, care-bears, hcpl, orange-happy-sticker, studded-red-choker]
---
There has been some confusion about the color of the sticker on the book. Is it red or orange? [Tell me]({{site.baseurl}}contribute) what you think!

RBB is holding a [Bette Davis](http://www.amazon.com/Bette-Davis-Biography-Barbara-Leaming/dp/0671709550/ref=sr_1_7?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1442157775){:target="_blank"} biography. Bette was widely rumored to be closeted and gay, commonly playing roles that had a secret. Contracted under Warner Bros, she brought legal action against them for how her career was managed - she was overworked, appearing in only mediocre films, and could be forced to play any part even if it went against her personal/political/etc beliefs. Despite losing the court battle, this sparked the most successful period of her career. Gee, what connection to harsh contracts for artists could there possibly be to 1D?

There is an HCPL label on the book. The sticker is most likely not an actual sticker put on by a library, but a label made by RBB's caretaker. The book could have come from a library sale where they sell old books that aren't part of the library's circulation anymore. Fandom speculation led to two main theories of where the book came from: Holmes Chapel and Harris County. Holmes Chapel, while obviously tied to Harry, is referred to as the "Holmes Chapel Library" not the "Holmes Chapel Public Library" (according to my Google research!). Harris County is in Texas, the Houston area to be specific. Wait, where did 1D film their Drag Me Down video a couple weeks ago?

A third bear, placed apart from RBB and SB made his first appearance tonight. This bear was sitting next to a Care Bears book, [Lucky Day](http://www.amazon.com/Lucky-Care-Bears-Frances-Ladd/dp/0439451728){:target-"_blank"}. The official description for this book: *In Lucky Day, the Care Bears learn to find the up side when something "unlucky" happens. (i.e. Unfortunately it started to rain. Luckily the rain created a beautiful rainbow for them all to slide down.)* The bear seemingly being "behind the scenes", wearing a white shirt, and looking angry, has fandom speculation centering on this bear representing Simon, but Liam has also been raised as a possibility.
