---
title: Belfast 3
date: 2015-10-22
images: [twitter.jpg, three.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, green-sparkly-fedora, aviators, irish-step-dancer-costume, bondage-gear, blue-sticker, green-sticker, violin, irish-flute, earrings, freddie-mustache, book, danny-la-rue]
---
The official RBB/SBB account [posted a picture](https://twitter.com/Rbbsbbofficial/status/657163547575787520){:target="_blank"} of three porridge bowls saying "Too Hot!", "Too Cold!", and "THA...Just Right". These reference [Goldilocks and the Three Bears](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldilocks_and_the_Three_Bears){:target="_blank"}. The story is about how the bears are trusting, and a girl invades their house to eat their food and sleep in their beds. Fandom speculation wonders if this refers to Babygate. There is also [an analysis](http://sexatoxbridge.tumblr.com/post/131688142308/dorien-grey-and-me-goldilocks-aka-the-source){:target="_blank"} that looks at the source for this particular image and possible *coincidences*. Also of possible note is that the three bowls are the same as the color of stickers that have been used. It is currently believed that this is part of a series of images counting down to the 25th of October.

The profile image for the official twitter account was also changed, showing the bears all dressed up. The main theory I've seen from the fandom is that the [flute]({{site.baseurl}}props/irish-flute){:target="_blank"} and the [violin]({{site.baseurl}}props/violin){:target="_blank"} represent a pipe and a fiddle. "Pay the piper" and "Pay the fiddler" are both sayings that mean owning up to your actions and facing the consequences. It has also been suggested that RBB represents the Pied Piper, as explained [in this post](http://saracha33.tumblr.com/post/131701279447/what-is-on-rbbs-hat-theres-a-green-thing){:target="_blank"}. There was also a [gay violinist who boycotted a Russian-Irish music festival](http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/gay-rte-violinist-boycotts-moscow-music-festival-29529670.html){:target="_blank"} because of Russia's laws against homosexuality. Coincidence or...?

The book is From Drag to Riches, Danny La Rue's autobiography. La Rue was a gay man famous for his cross-dressing and female impersonations. He toured constantly for five years before getting a break. He is also quoted as saying "My life is my job. I work forty-eight weeks in a year and I've never missed a performance." Again, coincidences or...?

What do you think is on top of SBB's fedora? Have any other theories? [Let me know]({{site.baseurl}}contribute)!
