---
title: Glasgow 2
date: 2015-10-08
imageCredits:
  wereamanbandnow : http://wereamanbandnow.tumblr.com/post/130758028547/otra-glasgow-81015
images: [both-front-closeup.jpg, rbb-side-closeup.jpg, rbb-props-closeup.jpg, liberace-closeup.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, horse, unicorn, bondage-gear, studded-black-choker, black-teddie-mercury-hat, freddie-mustache, aviators, green-happy-sticker, blue-happy-sticker, pail, white-shirt, watch, picture-frame, kilt, liberace, picture-frame, nokia-phone, studded-red-choker, zloty, sporran]
---
Holy wow! So much happening with RBB and SB today!!

The picture frame today has a picture of Liberace. Liberace embraced flamboyancy both on and off-stage. He publicly denied his homosexual orientation, and successfully sued newspapers and magazines that reported on his gay relationships. Liberace was often described in ways that very strongly implied him being homosexual, without explicitly saying that. Betty White has stated in interviews that Liberace was in fact gay, and that she was a "beard" for him.

In the pail on RBB's side, there is Zloty, Polish money. Are the bears riding away from the money? Is this a hint at changing teams? Simon is 1/4 Polish. Are they riding away from Simon? There is also a pail on SB's side, but it appears empty.

The phone is a Nokia. This might connect to leak discussions in the past. When Zayn lost his phone last year, he used a Nokia. It could go the other direction too. There are some that say using a Nokia phone that doesn't have all the bells and whistles of newer smartphones are more secure, mostly because there's less data to leak.

Adding to the Scottish kilt and tartan, today the unicorn is wearing a sporran. Interesting (possibly?) to note that the sporran is on the unicorn, rather than RBB (who is wearing the kilt)?
