---
title: Newcastle 1
date: 2015-10-25 13:00
images: [both-front-hq.png, both-spun-hq.png, both-front.jpg, both-side.jpg, both-sbb.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, aviators, gold-crown, aviators, bondage-gear, green-happy-sticker, book, danny-la-rue, blue-happy-sticker, red-happy-sticker, salon-chair, heeled-black-boots, leather-chaps, harley-jacket, jewelry-box-chair]
---
RBB is sitting on a [salon chair]({{site.baseurl}}props/salon-chair){:target="_blank"} and there is a [red happy sticker]({{site.baseurl}}props/red-happy-sticker){:target="_blank"} on the back of the chair. There have been a number of articles released yesterday and today stating that Liam and Sophia have broken up. No official rep confirmation so far, just sources and insiders. If "Sophiam" was a PR relationship, does this refer to Liam's beard being shaved off?

The chair appears to have been placed on a motorized platform - it spins. Check out [this video](https://twitter.com/darksty1es/status/658357589961494528){:target="_blank"} taken by a fan. Fandom speculation has pointed out that the chair goes in circles, ie, it revolves. Revolution? Or perhaps referencing the spin cycle and [Harry's tweet about laundry](https://twitter.com/Harry_Styles/status/503271463408111616){:target="_blank"}? Another thought by spinning around, RBB sees everything. A nod to the boys being aware of what the fandom is talking about? We've seen before that the 4th wall doesn't exist. Another possibility is that by spinning around, everyone at the arena is able to see RBB fully, rather than only those he initially faces. Could this mean that the bears want all attention on them because they have a big message and want it to be seen by everyone, not just the fans already aware of RBB and SBB?

The [La Rue book]({{site.baseurl}}props/danny-la-rue){:target="_blank"} book is back (first time shown in concert, but it was shown via the official Twitter account's profile image). Does that mean we missed something? Apparently so! La Rue used to be a baker! Do we know anyone in the band who used to be a baker? Hmm. Nope. Don't think I can think of anybody...oy, Harry! We're sorry we missed that the first time. Another tie-in just discovered is that La Rue played in Aladdin (not the movie) with [Larry Grayson]({{site.baseurl}}props/larry-grayson){:target="_blank"}.

Why is ***everything*** always so damn connected?!

What am I missing? [Tell me your theories]({{site.baseurl}}contribute)!
