---
title: Buffalo
date: 2015-09-03
images: [both-front.jpg, both-side.jpg, side-picture.jpg, watch-closeup.jpg, phone-closeup.jpg]
props: [rbb, sb, green-happy-sticker, blue-happy-sticker, gold-crown, silver-sparkly-crown, rainbow-is-my-favorite-color-shirt, pink-hello-kitty-chair, flower-lights, freddie-mustache, aviators, rainbow-hair-extensions, judy-garland, picture-frame, watch, groucho-marx-glasses, horse, harley-jacket, ken-dodd, sony-phone, leather-chaps, bondage-gear, studded-black-choker]
---
One of the picture frames has a photo of Judy Garland. She is a gay icon and has been called *The Elvis of homosexuals*. Judy portrayed Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. Being a "friend of Dorothy" has been used by gay people as a way to identify each other. Dorothy's journey in the Wizard of Oz also has parallels to the gay community. As an additional random fact, this is [not the first time](http://100percentsassy.tumblr.com/post/94728937290/anchoredlou-bondagebear1d-its-all-coming){:target="_blank"}, or even [the second time](http://anchoredlou.tumblr.com/post/94696367164/bondagebear1d-of-course-i-love-you-no-i-havent){:target="_blank"} that RBB has referenced Judy Garland.

Also appearing in a picture frame is Ken Dodd. In 1989, Ken was tried for tax evasion, led by Brian Leveson. Brian Leveson is more recently known for presiding over the British press phone-hacking scandal. This is interesting because Louis just told a fan that he lost his phone when doing fan service at a truck stop after their last concert. One more little detail about Ken's trial for tax evasion? It was because he was using children in his show and not paying them. Can anyone think of any parallels we might be able to get from that? Anybody? Anyone? This is also now the second concert in a row that has references to legal battles.

Possibly connecting with that, the phone that RBB has is a Sony Ericsson phone. The boys and their connection to Sony is plain enough. Fan speculation is that these connecting details indicate there might be photos leaked from Louis' *lost* phone. Quite convenient! As a lighter, more overall symbol, it could be putting emphasis on something the bears do in general - they're sending us a message, and want us to receive it.